c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\SmartMirror.exe.config
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\Gmail_View.baml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\Gmail_View.g.cs
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror_Content.g.cs
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Messengers\Google\Resources\client_secret.json
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\SmartMirror.exe
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\SmartMirror.pdb
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.pdb
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\GmailListMessage_View.g.cs
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\GmailOpenMessage_View.g.cs
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\GmailListMessage_View.baml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\GmailOpenMessage_View.baml
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.g.resources
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.exe
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.pdb
c:\users\leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\Leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\Leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\NewsFeed\News_View.g.cs
C:\Users\Leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\NewsFeed\News_View.baml
C:\Users\Leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Weather\Weather_View.baml
C:\Users\Leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Weather\Weather_View.g.cs
C:\Users\Leo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Messengers\Google\Resources\gmail-icon.png
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\DateTime\Time\Time_View.g.cs
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\DateTime\Time\Time_View.baml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Common\Speech\Grammar\de\Grammar-de.xml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Common\Speech\Grammar\en\Grammar-en.xml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Messengers\Google\Resources\client_secret.json
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Messengers\Google\Resources\gmail-icon.png
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\SmartMirror.exe.config
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\SmartMirror.exe
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\SmartMirror.pdb
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.dll
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.pdb
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.xml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\DateTime\Time\Time_View.g.cs
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\GmailListMessage_View.g.cs
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\GmailOpenMessage_View.g.cs
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\Gmail_View.g.cs
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\NewsFeed\News_View.g.cs
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Weather\Weather_View.g.cs
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\DateTime\Time\Time_View.baml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\GmailListMessage_View.baml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\GmailOpenMessage_View.baml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\Gmail_View.baml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\NewsFeed\News_View.baml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Weather\Weather_View.baml
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.g.resources
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.exe
C:\Users\lucas\Source\Repos\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.pdb
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\SmartMirror.exe.config
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.exe
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.pdb
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Common\Speech\Grammar\de\Grammar-de.xml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Common\Speech\Grammar\en\Grammar-en.xml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Messengers\Google\Resources\client_secret.json
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Messengers\Google\Resources\gmail-icon.png
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\SmartMirror.exe
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\SmartMirror.pdb
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.dll
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.pdb
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.xml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\DateTime\Time\Time_View.g.cs
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\GmailListMessage_View.g.cs
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\GmailOpenMessage_View.g.cs
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\Gmail_View.g.cs
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\NewsFeed\News_View.g.cs
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Weather\Weather_View.g.cs
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\DateTime\Time\Time_View.baml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\GmailListMessage_View.baml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\GmailOpenMessage_View.baml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Messengers\Google\Gmail_View.baml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\NewsFeed\News_View.baml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\Weather\Weather_View.baml
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.g.resources
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Hari\Documents\GitHub\RUE\SmartMirror\SmartMirror\obj\Debug\SmartMirror.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
